<!--
# Anki Field Reference
The following table provides a quick reference of what each field does.
If you are new to this card format, I recommend reading the above sections first
to better understand how the cards can be edited in the first place.

Notice: **bolded** fields are fields that are automatically filled,
and fields marked with a `*` are binary fields that can be customized by the user.
-->

## *Key
The tested word.
This contains the exact same content as the field below,
but this field is specifically not used in the card template.
This is to allow the user to modify the key if duplicates arise,
while still being able to test the word.

For example, if I were to test different usages of 上,
I can change this key value to 上 (proposition), 上 (grammar), etc. and add a new card.

#### SHORT
The tested word (add to this field to add duplicate cards).




## *Word:
The tested word. This is the word displayed in a vocab card.

#### SHORT
The tested word.



## *WordReading:
Tested word with hiragana readings.



## *WordPitch:
Word pitch info generated by the "AJT Pitch" Accent plugin.
Warning: This can rarely generate incorrect pitch accents.
Use your ear to ensure the pitch is correct!

#### SHORT
Word pitch info generated by the "AJT Pitch" Accent plugin.




## *PrimaryDefinition:
The first group of definitions, shown automatically at the back of the card.
I usually add to this field to place any information necessary to understand the card.

#### SHORT
First group of definitions.




## *Sentence:
The full sentence.
The tested word is indicated automatically by being bolded.
To test more than one word, bold said words.

#### SHORT
The full sentence(s).



## *SentenceReading:
The above sentence with furigana automatically generated from the "AJT Furigana" plugin.

#### SHORT
The `Sentence` field with furigana.





## AltDisplay:
An alternate display for either the word or sentence card.
Use this to override what is shown in the front of the card.
For hybrid cards, this field affects the sentence.
If you want to change the word as well, edit the `Word` field.


#### SHORT
Override what is displayed at the front side of the card.




## AltDisplayPASentenceCard:
Equivalent to the above, except specifically for the Sentence Pitch Accent card (if it exists).

#### SHORT
`AltDisplay` except specifically for the Sentence Pitch Accent card.



## AdditionalNotes:
A collapsible field to place text that you don't want to show up automatically
in the back side of the card.
This is to save vertical scrolling space used by the PrimaryDefinition field.
I use this to field to write down the context of the scene, miscellaneous grammar notes, etc.


#### SHORT
A pre-collapsed field to place any extra notes about the card.



## **IsSentenceCard:
Whether the card tests the entire sentence or word. <br>
*Default:* Tests only the word (i.e. the default card is a vocab card).

#### SHORT
Sets the card to a sentence card.



## **IsClickCard:
[EXPERIMENTAL](experimental) (wip)




## **IsHoverCard:
EXPERIMENTAL (wip)



## **IsTargetedSentenceCard:
EXPERIMENTAL (wip)



## **PAShowInfo:
Completely removes the PA indicator.
In other words, pitch accent is completely ignored, and implicitly goes untested.
<br>
*Default:* False (the PA indicator is always present).




## **PASeparateWordCard:
Whether we create another card to test just the pitch accent of the word.
Also sets the PA Indicator of the main card to not test anything.
<br>
*Default:* No.

#### SHORT
Create a separate PA (pitch accent) word card.



## **PASeparateSentenceCard:
Whether we create another card to test the pitch accent of the entire sentence.
Also sets the PA Indicator of the main card to test only the word.
<br>
*Default:* No.

#### SHORT
Create a separate PA sentence card.


## **PATestOnlyWord:
Whether we test the pitch accent of only the word.
<br>
*Default:* No.
(We test the pitch accent of the entire sentence or word ⸺   as according to `IsSentenceCard`

#### SHORT
Only test the word PA.




## **PADoNotTest:
Sets the PA indicator to not test anything.
<br>
*Default:* False. (We do indeed test the pitch accent)

#### SHORT
Only test the word PA.




## **SeparateClozeDeletionCard:
Whether we create another card to test just the hearing of the word.
<br>
*Default:* No.


## Hint:
A collapsible field shown at the front of the card.


## HintNotHidden:
A field shown at the front of the card.
This is the equivalent of the `Hint` field above, but it is not enclosed in a collapsable section.
In other words, its content is immediately shown.

This hint field is equivalent to the Anime Cards hint field.


## *Picture:
Extracted / custom photo of the scene. Can be blank.


## *WordAudio:
Yomichan generated word audio.


## *SentenceAudio:
Extracted sentence audio. Can be blank.


## *PAGraphs:
Yomichan generated pitch accent graphs.



## *PASilence:
Should be exactly `[sound:silence.wav]`.
This field is present specifically to utilize an Anki hack to not automatically play audio,
overriding the deck preferences if it says that audio is automatically played.
**DO NOT CHANGE THIS!**
Note that this hack does NOT currently work on Ankidroid,
and this hack makes the replay audio button not function as expected.


## *FrequenciesStylized:
Exports all frequencies in a stylized list to show on the back side of all Anki cards.


## *SecondaryDefinition:
Secondary group of definitions, in a collapsible field, if it exists. Useful for monolingual transitions.


## *ExtraDefinitions:
Any other extra definitions, in a collapsible field, if it exists.


## *UtilityDictionaries:
TODO



## Comment:
Text that is not shown in any card.
This is a place where you can write down notes without affecting the card itself.


